# WDRV_WINC_AssocAuthTypeGet Function

## C

```c
WDRV_WINC_STATUS WDRV_WINC_AssocAuthTypeGet
(
DRV_HANDLE handle,
WDRV_WINC_AUTH_TYPE *const pAuthType,
WDRV_WINC_ASSOC_CALLBACK const pfAssociationInfoCB
)
```

## Summary

Retrieve the current association authentication type.  

## Description

Attempts to retrieve the authentication type of the current association.

## Precondition

WDRV_WINC_Initialize should have been called. WDRV_WINC_Open should have been called to obtain a valid handle. A peer device needs to be connected and associated.  

## Parameters

| Param | Description |
|:----- |:----------- |
| assocHandle | Association handle. |
| pAuthType | Pointer to element to receive the authentication type if available. |
| pfAssociationInfoCB | Pointer to callback function to be used when authentication type is available.  

## Returns

*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_OK* - pAuthType will contain the
authentication type. 
*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_NOT_OPEN* - The driver instance is not open.

*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_INVALID_ARG* - The parameters were incorrect.

*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_REQUEST_ERROR* - The request to the WINC was rejected
or there is no current association. 
*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_RETRY_REQUEST* - The authentication type is not available
but it will be requested from the WINC.  

## Remarks

If the authentication type is not currently known to the driver (stored within the WINC) a request will be sent to the WINC and the return status will be WDRV_WINC_STATUS_RETRY_REQUEST. The callback function pfAssociationInfoCB can be provided which will be called when the WINC provides the association information to the driver. Alternatively the caller may poll this function until the return status is WDRV_WINC_STATUS_OK to obtain the authentication type in pAuthType.  


