# WDRV_WINC_AssocPeerAddressGet Function

## C

```c
WDRV_WINC_STATUS WDRV_WINC_AssocPeerAddressGet
(
DRV_HANDLE handle,
WDRV_WINC_NETWORK_ADDRESS *const pPeerAddress,
WDRV_WINC_ASSOC_CALLBACK const pfAssociationInfoCB
)
```

## Summary

Retrieve the current association peer device network address.  

## Description

Attempts to retrieve the network address of the peer device in the
current association.

## Precondition

WDRV_WINC_Initialize should have been called. WDRV_WINC_Open should have been called to obtain a valid handle. A peer device needs to be connected and associated.  

## Parameters

| Param | Description |
|:----- |:----------- |
| assocHandle | Association handle. |
| pPeerAddress | Pointer to structure to receive the network address if available. |
| pfAssociationInfoCB | Pointer to callback function to be used when network address is available.  

## Returns

*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_OK* - pPeerAddress will contain the network address.

*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_NOT_OPEN* - The driver instance is not open.

*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_INVALID_ARG* - The parameters were incorrect.

*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_REQUEST_ERROR* - The request to the WINC was rejected
or there is no current association. 
*WDRV_WINC_STATUS_RETRY_REQUEST* - The network address is not available
but it will be requested from the WINC.  

## Remarks

If the network address is not currently known to the driver (stored within the WINC) a request will be sent to the WINC and the return status will be WDRV_WINC_STATUS_RETRY_REQUEST. The callback function pfAssociationInfoCB can be provided which will be called when the WINC provides the association information to the driver. Alternatively the caller may poll this function until the return status is WDRV_WINC_STATUS_OK to obtain the network address in pPeerAddress.  


