# WDRV_PIC32MZW_IERxDataGet Function

## C

```c
WDRV_PIC32MZW_STATUS WDRV_PIC32MZW_IERxDataGet
(
DRV_HANDLE handle,
WDRV_PIC32MZW_IE_FRAME_TYPE_MASK frameMask,
const uint32_t vendorOUI,
const WDRV_PIC32MZW_IE_RX_CALLBACK pfVendorIERxCB
)
```

## Summary

Registers callback function for received vendor specific IE data.  

## Description

Managements frames like beacons, probe request and probe response may contain
vendor specific IEs. This API enables application to receive vendor specific
IE extracted from management frames based on the vendor OUI and frame filter
mask provided by the application.

## Precondition

WDRV_PIC32MZW_Initialize should have been called. WDRV_PIC32MZW_Open should have been called to obtain a valid handle.  

## Parameters

| Param | Description |
|:----- |:----------- |
| handle | Client handle obtained by a call to WDRV_PIC32MZW_Open. |
| frameMask | Frame filter mask of type WDRV_PIC32MZW_IE_FRAME_TYPE_MASK |
| vendorOUI | Vendor OUI of the organization. |
| pfVendorIERxCB | Pointer to callback function to receive IE data.  

## Returns

*WDRV_PIC32MZW_STATUS_OK* - The request has been accepted.

*WDRV_PIC32MZW_STATUS_NOT_OPEN* - The driver instance is not open.

*WDRV_PIC32MZW_STATUS_INVALID_ARG* - The parameters were incorrect.

*WDRV_PIC32MZW_STATUS_REQUEST_ERROR* - The request to the PIC32MZW was rejected.
 

## Remarks

1. To start receiving vendor specific IE data application must provide valid frameMask and vendorOUI. 2. To stop receiving IE data this API can be called with frameMask 0. 3. The parameter vendorOUI is organization's OUI of which IEs are being looked for. Example 1: If the organization's OUI is 24 bit like 80-1F-12, the parameter vendorOUI is expected to be 0x801F12 or decimal 8396562. Example 2: If the organization's OUI is 36 bit OUI, the first three bytes (IEEE Registration Authority) of the OUI-36 should be used for the parameter vendorOUI. So, if the organization's 36 bit OUI is 70-B3-D5-77-F, the parameter vendorOUI is expected to be 0x70B3D5 or decimal 7386069. In this case the application will receive all IEs matching to the OUI value 70-B3-D5, then it is the application's job to filter the 77-F ones.  
